Hi everyone, welcome to the channel. Today I will quickly share with you step by step how
 to install GPT engineer on a Windows operating system. What is GPT engineer? GPT 
 engineer is an open source project available on GitHub. It allows us to build apps, 
 games, websites, and a lot more from a single text prompt that you supply. GPT Engineers
 are autonomous AI agents like Auto GPT but it's focused on code-based creation. 

First, we will run through a step-by-step procedure to install GPT engineer on Windows. 
After that, I will quickly demonstrate how to use GPT engineer to build and run your first
 project. To install GPT engineer, you will need at minimum the following software 
 installed on Windows. First, let's go ahead and download. Let's head over to get for 
 windows.org and let's download the installer. Next, go to the python website and then 
 download the latest version for Windows. Lastly, to fulfill the minimum requirements, 
 you need to head over to code.visualstudio.com forward slash download and grab the 
 latest copy of the visual studio code for Windows. 

Now that we have all the software, go ahead and install git and you can accept all the 
defaults. Next, install Python and when the installer launches make sure that you select 
this checkbox to add python to the path. Before we start building GPT engineer, let's 
install the visual studio code and here we can accept all the defaults. We installed 
quite a bit of software on the machine so at this stage, it might not be a bad idea to 
quickly cycle power to this machine and just reboot it. 

Now let's start building GPT engineer. First, open up a command prompt but then create a 
folder where you can clone GPT engineer into. Now head over to the GitHub page, the link 
is in the description. You want to click on the code button and copy the link to this 
repo. Now let's clone the repo into the folder we created. Type git clone and paste the 
link you copied. This should create a folder called GPT Dash engineer and there you can 
see it. Let's enter this folder. We will now use Pub to set up all the requirements for 
GPT engineer. Run the following command pep spice install spice Dash e space period and 
submit that. Just double check that they will now install errors and we are ready to 
proceed to the next step. 

We will next require an API key from openai.com. So head over to platform.openi.com, 
click on create new secret key and we'll call this GPT and engineer. Create key and 
let's copy that. Head back here command prompt again and we are now going to set the 
open AI key the GPT engineer must use. Execute the following set command. Now before we 
start using GPT engineer to produce code for us it might be wise to open Windows Explorer.
 Open your folder and just get an idea of the layout of the land. Take note of the GPT 
 underscore engineer folder. If you enter that you'll see most of the Python scripts that
 the program will be using. 

GPT engineer also comes with a sample program that we can build. So if we browse one 
level up and we go into the project folder, enter into the example folder and here you 
will find the default prompt that comes with GPT engineer. Open up this prompt in an 
editor and you'll see this prompt allows us to build the snow game. There are quite a 
couple of demonstrations on the snake game so I think we're gonna go ahead and check us 
out to build something new. Go ahead and copy this prompt. We'll be using this to 
construct our first program. 

Now let's head back tothe command prompt. Now we want to enter the directory where the 
Python scripts reside. Now let's go ahead and create our first project. Run the following
 command python spacemine.py space in this case my website and replace that with whatever
 you want to call your project that you want to create. After executing the command, 
 you'll see that GPT Engineers complaining and it's saying that the prompt is missing. 

Now let's head back to Windows Explorer and you'll notice in the GPT underscore engineer 
folder it's created our project for all the year. So let's go ahead and enter this folder
 we have it and paste the prompt to be copied earlier into this folder. Open this prompt 
 in your favorite editor. Let's clear out the sample prompt and we'll construct our first
 prompt that we want GPT engineer to build for us. I've crafted the following prompt and 
 this is just to keep it relatively simple for the build process. So with this prompt, 
 I'm tasking GPT engineer to construct a single web page in HTML for me created with text
 built by AI written in Black created on a white background and create a button with the 
 word subscribe on it in yellow. 

So let's go ahead and save this prompt and now if the prompt in place correctly we can 
head back to our Command Prompt and re-execute the python script to build this project. 
Let's execute this and see where GPT engineer comes up with. Now GPT Engineers asking us 
for further clarification to construct the web page correctly and it's asking us things like should the heading be centered on the page, what should be the size of the heading, should the button be placed below the heading or anywhere. So let's go ahead and input our clarification. I want the adding a center on the page, make adding size 30 and place the button in the middle of the page. Let's submit that and see what GPT engineer comes up with. 

And GPT Engineers now successfully built my webpage for me. It's now asking me if it 
should open it. I'm just gonna go ahead and say no here. Now Define any project that GPT 
engineer created open your Windows Explorer again go to the project directory created and
 enter the workspace folder and here we are presented with the HTML file GPT engineer 
 created. Let's go ahead and open that up and as requested it's bullet heading for me 
 built by AI in black white background with a subscribe button in the middle and GPT 
 Engineers done exactly what I've asked for. 

If you find any value in this video please consider subscribing and check the channel for
 future videos on technology and AI. Thank you.
